# Attacking-Defending-Network-Analysis-Final-Project
For the Final Project, we were tasked with setting up a SIEMs server and then attacking two vulnerable web servers. We first set up our SIEMs Server using a pre-configured YAML playbook. We also set up alerts to trigger when specific conditions were met, such as excessive get requests, etc. We did this so that when we moved to attack the two web servers, we could see what actions trigger it and what don’t. 
We first Nmap’d the environment using the -sS for stealth mode. we saw that the first server was hosting a website, so we visited. We noticed that it was a WordPress site, so we used WP Scan -eu to enumerate Users. We found two users, Steven & Michael. We then Guessed Michael's password. We then navigated to the WordPress folder in var/www/ and specifically in wp-config.php, in which we discovered MYSQL login credentials, we used this to log in and grab the user names & Hashes from the table using an SQL Injection. We then used John to break the hashes and SSH’d into the webserver using Steven’s credentionals. We then used a python exploit to move from a shell to the root of Target 1. 
Target 2 was also a website. We first nmap’d it and found that it was open to connections on port 80. We started a Nikto scan to see what other pages on the website were available while we visited. We discovered it was a WordPress site using this technique. We then used go-buster to further enumerate the web pages. After checking out the results we found a flag in the Vendor folder.  we then find a plugin folder that has a list of services running on the website. We then go over to the MSF Console and start searching each plugin to see what we can use. We eventually find that PHP Mailer is vulnerable and unpatched. We use Metasploit to generate a script and then open an NCAT listener then triggered the script which sends the payload thru PHP mailer and allows for command injection. We then run a reverse shell command directly in the browser. This opened the reverse shell and allowed us to find the last two flags. 
We then went back to our Kibana dashboard on our SIEMs Server; looked at the data and effectively analyzed how much noise we made when we were performing our penetration test. We learned we were quite noisy, setting off our alerts multiple times. We then came together and came up with mitigating techniques to effectively patch and harden the system. Most of it had to do with fixing, weak encryption, unpatched plugins, and input validation. The more in-depth version of this report can be seen on our powerpoint. 
